my name is Shaun Brumder and I live in
California in a place called Orange
County
I was just another Lunch County surfer
carving waves playing volleyball
but there's more to life than extreme
sports and partying I want to be a
writer a writer what do you have to
write about you're not oppressed you're
not gay I don't know if Orange County's
the best environment for an aspiring
writer let's book graduation speakers
ideas Toni Morris she won the Nobel
Prize Dana didn't you say you have a
cousin who's friends with Britney Spears
I'm applying to Stanford
didn't get in I don't understand her
overreacting man looks here like your
SATs combined or 9:40 know I had a 1520
that's Shane Brainard's transfer and you
are Shaun Brumder hmm you sit in the
wrong transcript magic I didn't get into
college and check me out just gonna have
to go somewhere closer to home that's
all
let's get lit and go jump off the roof
of my house I gotta get out of here I
should go up to Stanford if I talk with
the Dean of Admissions he's gotta let me
in I can get you there in three hours
you couldn't understand for buddy
to stay here I'll be back in 15 minutes
with a Dean's address uh hey kitty to me
wow this is an excellent transcripts
let's go to your office
and you can add my name to the
acceptance list I really appreciate this
that's okay I gave the Dean what because
I feel like I've known you forever Colin
Hanks he's passed out he's not gonna
wake up
Skylar Fiske oh and Jack Black when I
was a little I was a total pyro you want
to tell me what happened here she
started it all right because she was
like I hate my job
I'm gonna burn this mother down he said
it was electrical fire it was it was a
lecture call Orange County
you